if olivia rodrigo tells you to get
vaccinated you get vaccinated here's one
that says
i got my first dose of the fauciauchi
hey i'm olivia rodrigo and i'm tony
fauci today we're here in the white
house and we're going to read some
tweets about the vaccine
all right let's see what we got here
i'm taking an immunology course and i
got an a on my last exam
my immediate thought was wouldn't dr
fauci be proud of me
absolutely when you get vaccinated your
body makes an immune response that's
going to protect you against the virus
so maybe this person can go and talk
about the immunology of getting
vaccinated heck yeah proud of them and
somebody said olivia rodrigo to the
vaccine clinic
very true all of the funny puns as long
as you're getting vaccinated that's
great whatever it takes
i had a dream that i got the covert 19
vaccine
and met dr fauci afterwards
i told him that i bought his bobble head
and he was super cool about it i saw
your bobble head today did you like it
yeah it was amazing it was great did
anyone else spend their friday afternoon
driving to their second vaccine
employment and crying to olivia rodrigo
or was that just me hey i love that i'm
so happy that i'm sound tracking your
vaccine appointment that's great that
makes me very happy ppl made fun of
these dr fauci prayer candles but we got
my dad one for his birthday in november
so he lit it every night and everyone in
my immediate family was fully vaccinated
so maybe there's something there i need
like a saucy candle and the pouchy
bobblehead right next to each other wear
your mask and get your vaccines i need
to see olivia rodrigo live in concert in
the first row get your vaccines i'm so
excited to tour one of these days and
i'm just so excited to go to a concert
aren't you i agree
i want to go to a concert for sure for
sure if i tell you the greatest concert
that i've ever been to you're gonna
faint
the reason is i'm so old it goes back to
the late 1950s at the paramount theater
in new york city which was a motown
concert with the temptations the four
tops
i'm sorry
i'm a really i'm a really old guy that's
incredible yep
happy man crush monday to this hero
thank you dr fauci for all your hard
work we appreciate your intelligence
honest bravery compassion
we love you well that's very nice to say
that we don't make personal minions no
idea
then crush monday is just like on
mondays people like post a picture of
their boyfriends and they'll be like oh
man crush money this is why i love you
so it's a big one all right well
whatever it takes if man crush monday
makes you get vaccinated go for it
are these chills from my second dose of
the vaccine or from listening to deja vu
by rodrigo for the
big number time today oh my gosh i hope
they're from deja vu well that person
brings up a good point that i think we
should let people know when you get
vaccinated if you get particularly the
two dose vaccine after the second dose
you can sometimes feel fatigued maybe a
little chilly that's a good thing
because when your body has that reaction
that means your immune system is revving
up and making a really good response
against the virus yeah i had the same
thing after my second year you did i
just like took took a little nap and i
was like fine
all right got home at 4am from seeing
friends currently singing olivia rodrigo
brushing my hair in the bathroom mirror
shout out to vaccines for real the
sooner all of us get the vaccines the
sooner we can like hang out with our
friends and sing songs and all of the
fun things all right
we just finished reading some tweets
about the vaccine if you want to learn
more about vaccines and where you can
get vaccinated visit vaccines.gov